/*  
(these  commented tags i have only placed as a practice for myself)
    
    Hello world! Hoolio Osuna is finally doing it! 
    This is my codepen link for project part 2 of of Git for WEb Dev Unit 
    https://codepen.io/HoolioCoolio/pen/dyoGEep

*/

// Any html tags added in this document are place for Hoolio's practice only just ignore them 
Questionaaire 


1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    Semantic HTML is using markup tags that better describe 
    the information in our webpages.  

2. What is HTML used for?
    HTML or Hypertext Markup Language is used to allow a user to structurely create a webpages
    and uses tags or elements to creat the different parts of a webpage. For example <p></p> which
    the element tag for a paragraph. 

3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
    A webpage cannot be built with only HTML tags they also require attributes. attributes  
    are properties within each HTML tag that define specific chacacterists of HTML element.
    The attribute is usually placed within the opening HTML tag and their used to control that 
    element in some form such as styling. 

4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    The h1 tag is a default style tag for styling a title or heading of a webpage or section.
    It can be used as many times as you would like on a page however normally it is used 
    as a top level header.

5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    <input email>
    <input password>
    
6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
    The head is a container where we can place certain data that is not shown to the user
    such as external stylesheets which hold the information that styles the webpage. 
    We use the head of the document also to define the documents title.
    
7. What is an id?
    IDs are unique identifiers which are used in javascript or css to perform
    certain tasks or to specifically style an element of an HTML document.
    
8. What elements can I add an id to?
    You can add an ID to any HTML element.

9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
    You can only use an ID name once on one single element of a webpage.

10. What is a class?
    Classes are similar to IDs in which they can be used to perform certain tasks with 
    javascript or css but with classes you can use the specified class name with more than
    one element. The class is used to perform tasks to various elements with the same class name.

11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    Yes you can add classes to any HTML element
    
12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    You can use it as many times as you'd like.
    
13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    from within the <a tag> you can insert the attribute of target = "_blank". This will
    open the document in a new tab or window but it will depend on the users browser settings.

14. What is the alt attribute used for?
    The Alt attribute is just text used to describe the contents of the element. For example an image 
    would have the alt="So it can describe an image " 
    
15. How do I reference an id?
    a common way to reference to an ID is using getElementByID() function.

16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    A section defines sections in a document such as the headers, footers, articles, 
    where as a div is used to divide sections within the document.

17. What is CSS used for?
    CSS or cascading style sheets are used to hold information that styles the 
    webpages we create.

18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page 
    In CSS  we would use the h2 selector followed by an opening { and closing bracket }.

19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when 
I might use each one
    The differnce between classes and ID is ID is used to better specifically describe an
    element and can only be one used on one element whereas a class can be used to on multiple 
    elements. For example you can use the  classes to style all paragraphes simultaneously. With 
    ID you could use it to style an element on only one elements 

20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    By calling the class name  with a period first (.classname) followed by an opening and closing
    curly brackets { }.

21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    you would call the p followed by a period  p. followed by the class name  p.human and then
    the curly brackets.

22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
    Parent child selectors are basically tags that are nested within another tag a parent tag.
    They are useful when you want to manipulate specifc parts of the website. 
    
23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? 
    By nesting the div tag within the nav tag  example: <nav> <div class="sidebar"></div></nav>
    Then u can use the nav selector
    
24. What is a pseudo selector?
    a pseudp selector is a selector that assists in selecting something that cannot
    be easily selected with a normal selector. for example the :hover is a pseudo selector

25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    In CSS You would use the { line-height:  } property 

26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    In CSS You would use the { letter-spacing } property

27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    In css you would use the { text-transform } property and would not use either one 
    of these choices you would actually use { text-transform: uppercase; } Capitalize would Capitalize
    the first letter of every word but uppercase would capitalize everything.

28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
     div {
         border: 1px dotted black; 
     }

29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    * {

    }

30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
     /*   this is a comment in css  */  

31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
     by looking at the text on the left side of the curser at the command prompt
     
32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    use the command ls for lists

33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    you would use rm. you must be careful because removing files this way would be permamanent 
    without warming 

34. Why should I use version control? 


35. How often should I commit to github?
    as much as you can but recommended to when youve reached certain points of the code such as the 
    end of a certain feature.

36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    you would use:  git push 

37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
    1. fork project
    2. clone project
    3. add TL or PMs as collaborators
    4. create a branch with our own name
    5. add files to be tracked 
    6. after working on file commit files after you save them
    7. create a pull request and send link to your TL or PM after
    8. make sure to add TL as a reviewer so they can merge it. 

Stretch Questions

1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 